Collaboration short tokens (#10391)
owncloud/ocis: services/collaboration/README.md

  The external address of the collaboration service. The target app (onlyoffice, collabora, etc) will use this address to read and write files from Infinite Scale.\
  For example: `https://wopi.example.com`.

* `COLLABORATION_WOPI_SHORTTOKENS`:\
  Needs to be set if the office application like `Microsoft Office Online` complains about the URL is too long  (which contains the access token) and refuses to work. If enabled, a store must be configured.

The application can be customized further by changing the `COLLABORATION_APP_*` options to better describe the application.

## Storing

> The `collaboration` service persists information via the configured store in `COLLABORATION_STORE`. Possible stores are:
>   -   `memory`: Basic in-memory store and the default.
>   -   `redis-sentinel`: Stores data in a configured Redis Sentinel cluster.
>   -   `nats-js-kv`: Stores data using key-value-store feature of [nats jetstream](https://docs.nats.io/nats-concepts/jetstream/key-value-store)
>   -   `noop`: Stores nothing. Useful for testing. Not recommended in production environments.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `collaboration` service persists information via the configured store in `COLLABORATION_STORE`. Possible stores are:
  -   `memory`: Basic in-memory store. Will not survive a restart. This is not recommended for this service.
  -   `redis-sentinel`: Stores data in a configured Redis Sentinel cluster.
  -   `nats-js-kv`: Stores data using key-value-store feature of [nats jetstream](https://docs.nats.io/nats-concepts/jetstream/key-value-store). This is the default value.
  -   `noop`: Stores nothing. Useful for testing. Not recommended in production environments.

```
